[Updated content] Breadcrumb Component (#917)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/breadcrumb/partials/code/how-to-use.md

#### With routing parameters

In the basic example a few parameters are omitted for clarity. In reality, each breadcrumb item is expected to be a link, in order to work, the correct `@route/@models/@model/@query` parameter needs to be passed to the breadcrumb container:

```handlebars
<Hds::Breadcrumb>
  <Hds::Breadcrumb::Item @text="My org" @icon="org" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Breadcrumb::Item @text="Consul" @icon="consul" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Breadcrumb::Item
    @text="my-consul-cluster"
    @route="components"
    @model={{@cluster.id}}
  />
  <Hds::Breadcrumb::Item @text="Overview" @current={{true}} />
</Hds::Breadcrumb>
```

#### No wrapping

> By default, the breadcrumb allows items to wrap on multiple lines if the container width is too small. If you don't want this to happen, pass `false` to the `itemsCanWrap` parameter, but keep in mind that the text will be automatically replaced with an ellipsis to fit the container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the breadcrumb allows items to wrap on multiple lines if the container width is too small. If you don’t want this to happen, pass `false` to the `itemsCanWrap` parameter, but keep in mind that the text will be automatically replaced with an ellipsis to fit the container:
```
